.TH ALLOC "1" "May 2016" "alloc 1.8.9" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
alloc \- A CLI that uses allocPSA's API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B alloc
\fI\,command \/\fR[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Select one of the following commands:
.TP
work
Add time to a time sheet. Create the time sheet if necessary.
.TP
comment
Add a new comment to a task, project, time sheet or client.
.TP
edit
Modify an entity.
.TP
view
View an entity.
.TP
projects
Print a list of projects.
.TP
tasks
Print a list of tasks.
.TP
timesheets
Print a list of time sheets.
.TP
reminders
Print a list of reminders.
.TP
invoices
Print a list of invoices.
.TP
accounts
Print a list of your TF accounts.
.TP
browse
Provide web browser access to particular entities.
.TP
mbox
Download a task's emails to an mbox file.
.TP
submit
Submit time sheets forwards. Read time sheets from standard in.
.TP
subscriptions
Modify interested party subscriptions for an email address.
.TP
ktokens
Retrieve token information.
.TP
task
Add or edit a task.
.TP
item
Add or edit a time sheet item.
.TP
reminder
Add or edit a reminder.
.TP
version
View the version of the cli and server.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
Display the list of modules:
.sp
$ alloc \-\-help
.sp
Display help for a command:
.sp
$ alloc command \-\-help
.SH "BUGS"
.sp
Please report bugs at: https://github\&.com/cyberitsolutions/alloc\-cli/issues
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.sp
Copyright (c) 2011\-2016 Alex Lance <code@alexlance\&.com>, Cyber IT Solutions <info@cyber\&.com\&.au>
.sp
alloc\-cli is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version\&.
